ChatGPT was created by OpenAI, an AI and research company. The company launched ChatGPT on November 30, 2022. If the name of the company seems familiar, it is because OpenAI is also responsible for creating DALLE•2, a popular AI art generator, and Whisper, an automatic speech recognition system.It's certainly made a big splash. "ChatGPT is scary good. We are not far from dangerously strong AI," said Elon Musk, who was one of the founders of OpenAI before leaving. Sam Altman, OpenAI's chief, said on Twitter that, since launching last Wednesday, ChatGPT has more than one million users. Altman told Musk the average cost of each response was in "single-digits cents" but admitted it will need to monetize it eventually because of its "eye-watering" compute costs.Altman also noted in a tweet the buzz around ChatGPT: "interesting to me how many of the ChatGPT takes are either "this is [artificial general intellingence] AGI" (obviously not close, lol) or "this approach can't really go that much further". trust the exponential. flat looking backwards, vertical looking forwards," he said.ChatGPT is a natural language processing tool driven by AI technology that allows you to have human-like conversations and much more with a chatbot. The language model can answer questions, assist you with tasks such as composing emails, essays and code. Usage is currently open to public free of charge because ChatGPT is in its research and feedback-collection phase. ChatGPT was created by OpenAI, an AI and research company. The company launched ChatGPT on November 30, 2022. If the name of the company seems familiar, it is because OpenAI is also responsible for creating DALLE•2, a popular AI art generator, and Whisper, an automatic speech recognition system.It's certainly made a big splash. "ChatGPT is scary good. We are not far from dangerously strong AI," said Elon Musk, who was one of the founders of OpenAI before leaving. Sam Altman, OpenAI's chief, said on Twitter that, since launching last Wednesday, ChatGPT has more than one million users. Altman told Musk the average cost of each response was in "single-digits cents" but admitted it will need to monetize it eventually because of its "eye-watering" compute costs.